Clarify that triples may be ignored/discarded (#351)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

Verifier implementations MUST exhibit the same externally visible behavior as described in this specification.
They are not required to use the same internal representation or evaluation order described by this specification.

> They are not required to implement support for all triples, profile permitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Verifier may not implement all the Triples specified in this specification. It depends on its Appraisal Policy for Evidence as mandated by its profile.
```

Reviewer: Pending M T I work!

> A Verifier MAY discard a triple based on policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
